USER STORIES MASTER LIST

PI
As an administrator, I want to utilize the raspberry pi sensors so that I can ensure the weather data for a particular area is being gathered and pushed to a database.
As an administrator, I want to utilize sensor data and weather APIs so that I can provide accurate weather information to our end user
As an administrator, I want to utilize Ansible so that I can configure new Raspberry Pi weather stations
As an administrator, I want to utilize Ansible so that I can re-configure multiple systems
As an administrator, I want to utilize Ansible so that I can update all systems, or individual systems
As an administrator, I want to utilize Ansible to push/pull files to all systems, or individual systems
As an administrator, I want to utilize Ansible to replace failed Raspberry Pi weather stations
As an administrator, I want to utilize Raspberry Pi devices so that I can test new sensors for systems locally, and push code to all systems
As an administrator, I want to utilize Ansible so that I can register devices with an API
As an administrator, I want to utilize Ansible so that I can pull device logs from an API
As an administrator, I want to utilize Ansible so that I can update individual/multiple pieces of software on Raspberry Pi devices
As an administrator, I want to utilize Ansible so that I can group systems by common traits in order to better manage them 

Back End



Front End
As a user, I want to be able to view weather in specific areas.
As a user, I want to be able to view live weather data.
As a user, I want to be able to see trends over time for weather.
As a user, I want to be able to see potential future weather patterns.
As a user, I want to be able to view other weather sources in the event of SkyPI failure.
As a user, I want to be able to create/delete an account.
As a user, I want to be able to use this on mobile.
As a user, I want to be able to receive notifications based on weather alerts.
As a user, I want to be able to log in to my personal account.
As a user, I want to see past data compared with current and/or future data.
As an admin, I want to be able to lock or unlock user accounts.
As an admin, I want to be able to reset a user's password.
As a user, I want a site for viewing weather data.
As an admin, I want a prototype site to test compatibility.
